Psalm 82 the chief musician a psalm of
Psalm 82 the chief musician a psalm of David the servant of the Lord who spoke
David the servant of the Lord who spoke
David the servant of the Lord who spoke to the Lord the words of this song on
to the Lord the words of this song on
to the Lord the words of this song on the day that the Lord delivered him from
the day that the Lord delivered him from
the day that the Lord delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the
the hand of all his enemies and from the
the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul and he said
hand of Saul and he said
hand of Saul and he said I will love you O Lord my strength the
I will love you O Lord my strength the
I will love you O Lord my strength the Lord is my rock and my fortress and my
Lord is my rock and my fortress and my
Lord is my rock and my fortress and my deliverer my God my strength in whom I
deliverer my God my strength in whom I
deliverer my God my strength in whom I will trust my shield and the Horn of my
will trust my shield and the Horn of my
will trust my shield and the Horn of my salvation my strong hope I will call
salvation my strong hope I will call
salvation my strong hope I will call upon the Lord who is worthy to be
upon the Lord who is worthy to be
upon the Lord who is worthy to be praised so shall I be saved from my
praised so shall I be saved from my
praised so shall I be saved from my enemies the pangs of death surrounded me
enemies the pangs of death surrounded me
enemies the pangs of death surrounded me and the floods of ungodliness made me
and the floods of ungodliness made me
and the floods of ungodliness made me afraid The Sorrows of Sheol surrounded
afraid The Sorrows of Sheol surrounded
afraid The Sorrows of Sheol surrounded me the snares of death confronted me in
me the snares of death confronted me in
me the snares of death confronted me in my distress I called upon the Lord and
my distress I called upon the Lord and
my distress I called upon the Lord and cried out to my god he heard my voice
cried out to my god he heard my voice
cried out to my god he heard my voice from his temple and my cry came before
from his temple and my cry came before
from his temple and my cry came before him even to his ears then the earth
him even to his ears then the earth
him even to his ears then the earth shook and trembled the foundations of
shook and trembled the foundations of
shook and trembled the foundations of the hills also quaked and were shaken
the hills also quaked and were shaken
the hills also quaked and were shaken because he was angry smoke went up from
because he was angry smoke went up from
because he was angry smoke went up from his nostrils and devouring fire from his
his nostrils and devouring fire from his
his nostrils and devouring fire from his mouth coals were kindled by it he bowed
mouth coals were kindled by it he bowed
mouth coals were kindled by it he bowed the heavens also and came down with
the heavens also and came down with
the heavens also and came down with darkness under his feet and he rode upon
darkness under his feet and he rode upon
darkness under his feet and he rode upon a cherub and flew
a cherub and flew
a cherub and flew he flew upon the wings of the wind he
he flew upon the wings of the wind he
he flew upon the wings of the wind he made darkness his secret place his
made darkness his secret place his
made darkness his secret place his canopy around him was dark waters and
canopy around him was dark waters and
canopy around him was dark waters and thick clouds of the skies from the
thick clouds of the skies from the
thick clouds of the skies from the brightness before him his thick clouds
brightness before him his thick clouds
brightness before him his thick clouds passed with hail stones and coals of
passed with hail stones and coals of
passed with hail stones and coals of fire the Lord thundered from heaven and
fire the Lord thundered from heaven and
fire the Lord thundered from heaven and the most high uttered his voice hail
the most high uttered his voice hail
the most high uttered his voice hail stones and coals of fire he sent out his
stones and coals of fire he sent out his
stones and coals of fire he sent out his arrows and scattered the foe lightnings
arrows and scattered the foe lightnings
arrows and scattered the foe lightnings in abundance and he vanquished them then
in abundance and he vanquished them then
in abundance and he vanquished them then the chalice of a sea were seen the
the chalice of a sea were seen the
the chalice of a sea were seen the foundations of the world were uncovered
foundations of the world were uncovered
foundations of the world were uncovered at your rebuke or Lord at the blast of
at your rebuke or Lord at the blast of
at your rebuke or Lord at the blast of the breath of your nostrils he sent from
the breath of your nostrils he sent from
the breath of your nostrils he sent from above he took me he drew me out of many
above he took me he drew me out of many
above he took me he drew me out of many waters he delivered me from my strong
waters he delivered me from my strong
waters he delivered me from my strong enemy from those who hated me for they
enemy from those who hated me for they
enemy from those who hated me for they were too strong for me they confronted
were too strong for me they confronted
were too strong for me they confronted me in the day of my calamity but the
me in the day of my calamity but the
me in the day of my calamity but the Lord was my support he also brought me
Lord was my support he also brought me
Lord was my support he also brought me out into a broad place he delivered me
out into a broad place he delivered me
out into a broad place he delivered me because he delighted in me the Lord
because he delighted in me the Lord
because he delighted in me the Lord rewarded me according to my
rewarded me according to my
rewarded me according to my righteousness according to the cleanness
righteousness according to the cleanness
righteousness according to the cleanness of my hands he has recompense me for I
of my hands he has recompense me for I
of my hands he has recompense me for I have kept the ways of the Lord and have
have kept the ways of the Lord and have
have kept the ways of the Lord and have not wickedly departed from my god for
not wickedly departed from my god for
not wickedly departed from my god for all his judgments were before me and I
all his judgments were before me and I
all his judgments were before me and I did not put away his statutes from me
did not put away his statutes from me
did not put away his statutes from me I was also blameless before him and I
I was also blameless before him and I
I was also blameless before him and I kept myself from my iniquity therefore
kept myself from my iniquity therefore
kept myself from my iniquity therefore the Lord is recompense me according to
the Lord is recompense me according to
the Lord is recompense me according to my righteousness according to the
my righteousness according to the
my righteousness according to the cleanness of my hands in his sight with
cleanness of my hands in his sight with
cleanness of my hands in his sight with the merciful you will show yourself
the merciful you will show yourself
the merciful you will show yourself merciful with a blameless man you will
merciful with a blameless man you will
merciful with a blameless man you will show yourself blameless with the pure
show yourself blameless with the pure
show yourself blameless with the pure you will show yourself pure and with the
you will show yourself pure and with the
you will show yourself pure and with the devious you will show yourself
devious you will show yourself
devious you will show yourself shrewd for you will save the humble
shrewd for you will save the humble
shrewd for you will save the humble people but will bring down haughty looks
people but will bring down haughty looks
people but will bring down haughty looks for you will light my lamp the Lord my
for you will light my lamp the Lord my
for you will light my lamp the Lord my God will enlighten my darkness for by
God will enlighten my darkness for by
God will enlighten my darkness for by you
you
you I can run against a troop by my god I
I can run against a troop by my god I
I can run against a troop by my god I can leap over a wall as for God his way
can leap over a wall as for God his way
can leap over a wall as for God his way is perfect
is perfect
is perfect the word of the Lord is proven he is a
the word of the Lord is proven he is a
the word of the Lord is proven he is a shield to all who trust in him for who
shield to all who trust in him for who
shield to all who trust in him for who is God except the Lord and who is a rock
is God except the Lord and who is a rock
is God except the Lord and who is a rock except our God it is God who arms me
except our God it is God who arms me
except our God it is God who arms me with strength and makes my way perfect
with strength and makes my way perfect
with strength and makes my way perfect he makes my feet like the feet of deer
he makes my feet like the feet of deer
he makes my feet like the feet of deer and sets me on my high places
and sets me on my high places
and sets me on my high places he teaches my hands to make war so that
he teaches my hands to make war so that
he teaches my hands to make war so that my arms can bend a bow of bronze you
my arms can bend a bow of bronze you
my arms can bend a bow of bronze you have also given me the shield of your
have also given me the shield of your
have also given me the shield of your salvation your right hand has held me up
salvation your right hand has held me up
salvation your right hand has held me up your gentleness has made me great you
your gentleness has made me great you
your gentleness has made me great you enlarged my path under me so my feet did
enlarged my path under me so my feet did
enlarged my path under me so my feet did not slip I have pursued my enemies and
not slip I have pursued my enemies and
not slip I have pursued my enemies and overtaken them
overtaken them
overtaken them neither did I turn back again till they
neither did I turn back again till they
neither did I turn back again till they were destroyed
were destroyed
were destroyed I have wounded them so that they could
I have wounded them so that they could
I have wounded them so that they could not rise they have fallen under my feet
not rise they have fallen under my feet
not rise they have fallen under my feet for you have armed me with strength for
for you have armed me with strength for
for you have armed me with strength for the battle you have subdued under me
the battle you have subdued under me
the battle you have subdued under me those who rose up against me you have
those who rose up against me you have
those who rose up against me you have also given me the necks of my enemies so
also given me the necks of my enemies so
also given me the necks of my enemies so that I destroyed those who hated me
that I destroyed those who hated me
that I destroyed those who hated me they cried out but there was none to
they cried out but there was none to
they cried out but there was none to save even to the Lord but he did not
save even to the Lord but he did not
save even to the Lord but he did not answer them then I beat them as fine as
answer them then I beat them as fine as
answer them then I beat them as fine as the dust before the wind I cast them out
the dust before the wind I cast them out
the dust before the wind I cast them out like dirt in the streets you have
like dirt in the streets you have
like dirt in the streets you have delivered me from the strivings of the
delivered me from the strivings of the
delivered me from the strivings of the people you have made me the head of the
people you have made me the head of the
people you have made me the head of the nations of people I have not known shall
nations of people I have not known shall
nations of people I have not known shall serve me as soon as they hear of me they
serve me as soon as they hear of me they
serve me as soon as they hear of me they obey me the foreigners submit to me
obey me the foreigners submit to me
obey me the foreigners submit to me the foreigners fade away and come
the foreigners fade away and come
the foreigners fade away and come frightened from their hideouts the Lord
frightened from their hideouts the Lord
frightened from their hideouts the Lord lives blessed be my rock
lives blessed be my rock
lives blessed be my rock let the God of my salvation be exalted
let the God of my salvation be exalted
let the God of my salvation be exalted it is God who avenges me and subdues the
it is God who avenges me and subdues the
it is God who avenges me and subdues the peoples under me he delivers me from my
peoples under me he delivers me from my
peoples under me he delivers me from my enemies you also lift me up above those
enemies you also lift me up above those
enemies you also lift me up above those who rise against me you have delivered
who rise against me you have delivered
who rise against me you have delivered me from the violent man therefore I will
me from the violent man therefore I will
me from the violent man therefore I will give thanks to you O Lord among the
give thanks to you O Lord among the
give thanks to you O Lord among the Gentiles and sing praises to your name
Gentiles and sing praises to your name
Gentiles and sing praises to your name great deliverance he gives to his King
great deliverance he gives to his King
great deliverance he gives to his King and shows mercy to his anointed to David
and shows mercy to his anointed to David
and shows mercy to his anointed to David and his descendants forever more